OAuth API: Update Docs to explain key, secret, and rsa_public_key (#1993)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/oauth-clients.html.md

`data.type`                          | string |         | Must be `"oauth-clients"`.
`data.attributes.service-provider`   | string |         | The VCS provider being connected with. Valid options are `"github"`, `"github_enterprise"`, `"gitlab_hosted"`, `"gitlab_community_edition"`, `"gitlab_enterprise_edition"`, or `"ado_server"`.
`data.attributes.name`               | string | `null`  | An optional display name for the OAuth Client. If left `null`, the UI will default to the display name of the VCS provider.

> `data.attributes.key`                | string |         | The OAuth Client key. It sometimes refers to a Consumer Key or Application Key or some other client key for the VCS provider.

Reviewer: Also - should customer key and application key be capitalized? If they're like official terms then yes, but I wasn't sure if they were as we don't refer to a specific provider or anything. 
```suggestion
`data.attributes.key`                | string |         | The OAuth Client key. It can refer to a Consumer Key, Application Key, or another type of client key for the VCS provider.
```

`data.attributes.http-url`           | string |         | The homepage of your VCS provider (e.g. `"https://github.com"` or `"https://ghe.example.com"`)
`data.attributes.api-url`            | string |         | The base URL of your VCS provider's API (e.g. `"https://api.github.com"` or `"https://ghe.example.com/api/v3"`)
`data.attributes.oauth-token-string` | string |         | The token string you were given by your VCS provider
`data.attributes.private-key`        | string |         | **Required for Azure DevOps Server. Not used for any other providers.** The text of the SSH private key associated with your Azure DevOps Server account.

> `data.attributes.secret`             | string |         | The OAuth Client secret. _For BitBucket Server, this secret is the The text of the SSH private key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link._

Reviewer: I don't think we need italics here.

```suggestion
`data.attributes.secret`             | string |         | The OAuth Client secret. For BitBucket Server, this secret is the the text of the SSH private key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link.
```

> `data.attributes.rsa-public-key`     | string |         | **Required BitBucket Server in conjunction with the `secret`. Not used for any other providers.** The text of the SSH public key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data.attributes.rsa-public-key`     | string |         | **Required for BitBucket Server in conjunction with the `secret`. Not used for any other providers.** The text of the SSH public key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link.
```

-------------------------------------|--------|---------|------------
`data.type`                          | string |         | Must be `"oauth-clients"`.
`data.attributes.name`               | string | (previous value)  | An optional display name for the OAuth Client. If set to `null`, the UI will default to the display name of the VCS provider.

> `data.attributes.key`                | string | (previous value) | The OAuth Client key. It sometimes refers to a Consumer Key or Application Key or some other client key for the VCS provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data.attributes.key`                | string | (previous value) | The OAuth Client key. It can refer to a Consumer Key, Application Key, or another type of client key for the VCS provider.
```

> `data.attributes.secret`             | string | (previous value) | The OAuth Client secret. _For BitBucket Server, this secret is the The text of the SSH private key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data.attributes.secret`             | string | (previous value) | The OAuth Client secret. For BitBucket Server, this secret is the the text of the SSH private key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link.
```

> `data.attributes.rsa-public-key`     | string | (previous value) | **Required BitBucket Server in conjunction with the `secret`. Not used for any other providers.** The text of the SSH public key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`data.attributes.rsa-public-key`     | string | (previous value) | **Required for BitBucket Server in conjunction with the `secret`. Not used for any other providers.** The text of the SSH public key associated with your BitBucket Server Application Link.
```
